get up from the channel and good of you
works in the following mtur area
I saw that the staff has asked
some people have the doubt then in
and they will start riding their motorbikes if they
afraid to ride a motorcycle that compensates
more pick up a car or get a good one
hospital that is worth more né
and especially for those who are afraid
You even know why I think I see
everybody crashes there then I will
to start walking I 'm going to fall I'll be
paço will be with one step then I will
tell a little of my story through the
beings like I started and so will who
Do you know how I can help you define your opinion?
so when I started to draw wallet
I just take a car but I said no
I'll take the bike also has the advantage
price and such but I did not even think about walking
I really liked the bike.
was very afraid of fear even know the
my family the way I talked
I thought I would start walking and
make a curve for these things if the
faithful face and slaughter
kind of thing then my head I already
I stayed in that room as though I had
of dead and my family and now I only do
that
only the next I did not have money
car goes home every day because walking
car every day costs highlighted callus
so my alternative she walks
bike what I thought good I'll start
So I got the bike there, Grandpa, walking.
not cold right?
I was there in the first round company
droplet and such beauty titan 150
I did not know anything then I went to get a helmet
I was given a helmet there, not a helmet.
worth nothing helmet size was 62
around 1 58 just to get an idea
my business is crazy ox only you look
like crazy business
there is so bad uncle to look at him jumped like that
and the helmet was still straight
then I turned and he was still popular
which was windy so wide that he
It was my balloon even knows too much too
oh my god
How horrible and ska
I said that , I'm going to start doing that.
first thing I felt on the bike that
the wind was more stable
from the level of Sat
But I also noticed something that
When I get on the bike, every one is free.
the relief has come anywhere if I
and good I do not risk accident
very very expensive very low and walking
together car is that most abuses the
people abuses even a few people who walk
quiet then I saw there a style of
Life for me loads it to be free that
she could wherever I want to go back when
want little fuel for
stick the car tire
with an eye on a truck
it's on the street in the hole the tire is only there
front liner
putz grila home since today also
will be opened
does is open
the rate is coming up so she by
help there're quiet
Okay, so, you said.
so if
I realized it was another way of life.
it's just her free I could go to the end of
to travel without having to compromise
all my budget
and these things and such
good
This makes it possible for me to ride a motorcycle.
Give it to me, give it to me.
worked me to make 2
I want this and the more I
I rode motorcycle but I fell in love with
moto guy, I know I've always liked it but the
passion even if the deal comes walking
because who looks from the outside saw that coming
big four-cylinder motorcycle and motorcycle
beautiful and such but walking home walking
really
the feeling of riding my bike in
any bike is is not got is the
The best sport I've ever done in life knows
Wow
it's too good that you can
be free he said he thought bikes and
set whether it is free
cm
- when you have a guy dropping me the kite
across the street and you have to stay
clever does not look like the neck and
also more good affection put in there
side of the road did not yield
Who are you watching a video of mine?
father is already enrolled in the
my channel I record a video to
You yourself have already written too much
thank you
just got here to see what
a lot of people arrived these days already
we have 12,000 subscribers is very
Welcome to channel nóis
always I asked him to yes the father of Mike
maró help to spread the video knows that
The coolest thing to do is
know that someone else is watching
home is to know that there are people who support
You know there are people who are against
You who have no reason to be
against you but she is then to speak what
right that's it each 'tamo together' put
Who the fuck is for us? What matters is what?
date
she wants
Unfortunately I did not adapt to the feinha.
a very good motorcycle guy was just a lot
From here to me, every one needs a
A little more of the engine knows the one that
that motor little seas
so I came here right not to close
nobody
so dude, I'll have to have a margin to
icann
Only I never want is too big.
not yet that it is just how it has already
has some points in the portfolio and is little
close to my wallet and I can not
getting paid fine does not have to get
a copy is smooth
I just picked up on a 300 - handling network
11 events and la vega that looks like
issue at home
and that button is far to post
same
back more
It does not have to be a mother thing but it is
us and us
Everyone coming down there is always giving
that expensive force
There is no doubt that it is coming a little
time there does not ride a motorcycle even more than
walk
Are you afraid of me, honestly, for me?
it was worth changed my life is over
friends that everyone is walking around in
against right now
Thank you so much for watching another video.
Manuel, even a big hug until the
Next video was worth the country and back to
made by tato ampara tatan
consumer consumption is my
treating 25 to 28 more books
usually 25